update: ICP Ninja docs (#3986)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/developer-tools/ide/icp-ninja.mdx

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "IDE", "Tutorial"]} />

[ICP Ninja](https://icp.ninja) is a web-based integrated development environment (IDE) for creating and deploying decentralized applications on the Internet Computer.

> ICP Ninja provides a gallery of example projects you can explore to learn about different application types, architectures, and use cases. Each project can be edited, then deployed to the mainnet directly from your web browser. Once deployed, you can open the application's frontend in your browser or make calls directly to the backend through the [Candid UI](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/candid/candid-concepts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICP Ninja provides a gallery of example projects you can explore to learn about different application types, architectures, and use cases. Each project can be edited, and then deployed to the mainnet directly from your web browser. Once deployed, you can open the application's frontend in your browser or make calls directly to the backend through the [Candid UI](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/candid/candid-concepts).
```

:::info
This application will be live for 20 minutes. A timer will be displayed next to the 'Deploy' button that indicates how much longer the project's canisters will be available. After 20 minutes, they will expire, and the URLs will become invalid. The project code will still be accessible, and you can redeploy the application at any time to view it for another 20 minutes.
:::

To edit the project after it has been deployed, edit the code within the ICP Ninja code editor, then select "Redeploy." Redeploying the project will reset the 20-minute deployment timer and apply any changes you made to the project's files since the last deployment.

## Download and develop locally

To continue developing an ICP Ninja project or to add features to the project that exceed the IDE's current limitations, you can download the project's files and use `dfx`. From the ICP Ninja IDE, select the project's option menu, then select 'Download files'.

Then, read the `BUILD.md` file included in the downloaded files. It contains further instructions for downloading and using `dfx` with your ICP Ninja project.

## Limitations

> ICP Ninja is currently undergoing active development and currently implements a few limitations that should be noted. These limitations will be removed and changed as the platform develops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICP Ninja is currently undergoing active development and has implemented a few limitations that should be noted. These limitations will be removed and changed as the platform develops.
```
